[14.0][MIG] account_invoice_report_due_list: Migration to 14.0 (#176)
OCA/account-invoice-reporting: account_invoice_report_due_list/README.rst

    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Faccount--invoice--reporting-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/account-invoice-reporting/tree/13.0/account_invoice_report_due_list
    :alt: OCA/account-invoice-reporting
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/account-invoice-reporting-13-0/account-invoice-reporting-13-0-account_invoice_report_due_list
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/94/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module extends the invoice report for adding information about the
corresponding due dates and amounts.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

> #. Go to **Invoicing > Configuration > Management > Payment Terms**. You must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to **Invoicing > Configuration > Invoicing > Payment Terms**. You must
```

   install **account_invoicing** module and set *Billing* permission to your
   user in order to be able to access to this menu.
#. Select or create a payment term with multiple term lines.

> #. Go to **Invoicing > Customer Invoices**.
> #. Select or create an invoice and set payment term to invoice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to **Invoicing > Customers > Invoices**.
#. Select or create an invoice and set payment term to invoice in the field "Due Date".
```
